# Why Open Source?
SkyOfSteel has been open source under the MIT license for a majority
of its existance now. It did not need to be open source, and it still
does not need to be open source. So why did I bother open sourcing a
video game? While I attempt to make SkyOfSteel friendly to individuals
who wish to contribute, it does not need contributions. SkyOfSteel is
not open source because I need development help. 99% of all work on
the game has been done by me alone. There *have* been contributions of
course (special thanks to Stenodyon and TriangleDot!) however this
work was not explicitly needed. SkyOfSteel at the present moment lives
and dies by my work on it.


## Free
Simply put, making SkyOfSteel open source is the ultimate free-ness
possible. Being under one of the many licenses supporting this,
SkyOfSteel is [Free
Software](https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.html) (but
technically not Copyleft). SkyOfSteel is monetarily free as well as
user and developer respecting. Any previous version is accessible in
source form and all new work is public even before being released. All
code can be audited, whether it be SkyOfSteel's own code or one of its
many dependencies. The game can always be built and run independently
of any specific storefront. If there is some deficiency which has been
decided to be low priority, an external contributor can still fix
it. If anyone disagrees with my vision for the game they can easily
fork the project and inherit all work that has already been done. Even
if SkyOfSteel is eventually abandoned a determined individual can
still maintain and push the game forward.

None of these things would be possible with a close source model. That
is why SkyOfSteel is both open source and free software.
